# Usernest

A multi-tenant user management system built with **Next.js** and **NextAuth.js**, featuring role-based access control, email authentication, and tenant management.

## Features

### User Authentication
- User registration with email verification.
- Email and password login.
- Forgot and reset password.
- Social Login (Github).

### Tenant Management
- Multi-tenant support: Users belong to one or more organisation(tenant).
- Everyone can create an organisation (of which they will be an Admin).
- Organisations can be joined using invite codes, which can be generated by Admins (or other roles if the permission is granted).

### Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
- Predefined roles: Admin, Manager, and User.
- Powers granted to a role(Manager/User) can be changed by Admins.
- Admins can restrict certain parts of application from certain Roles.
- Admins (or other roles with powers) can invite, remove or change roles of users in the Organisation.

## Technical Stack
- **Frontend**: Next.js, ShadCN, TailwindCSS
- **Authentication**: Auth.js
- **Database**: PostgreSQL (Supabase), Prisma ORM
- **Deployment**: Vercel

## Deployment
- Deployed to Vercel: [https://usernest-7lca.vercel.app/](https://usernest-7lca.vercel.app/)

## How to Run

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone github.com/shivansh02/usernest
   cd usernest

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install

3. Create .env:
   - Copy shared environment veriables to .env in /usernest

4. Start dev server and head to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
   ```bash
   npm run dev

Note: You might notice slow speeds on localhost, but not on the deployed website. This latency is because of the Supabase DB location in US-East (set to decrease latency on deployment).
